I. Description:

These are a set of scripts I wrote to facilitate doing light curve analyses of
blazars using Fermi-LAT data. They should be used in conjunction with existing
Fermi Science Tools along with the LAT analysis script quickCurve, as described
below under "Usage". The following scripts are included:

makeXML.sh - Runs the tool make3FGLxml.py. All that needs to be supplied is the 
base name, and the xml model file will be created.

qC_diffrsp.py - Runs the Fermi science tool gtdiffrsp on the time binned data 
products.

qC_fit.py - Performs an unbinned likelihood analysis for all the time bins from 
START_BIN to STOP_BIN in serial. Takes three command line arguments: base name, 
number of starting time bin, and number of stopping time bin. This should 
generally be executed by running run_qC_fit.py rather than being executed 
directly to take advantage of parallel processing.

run_qC_fit.py - Splits up all the time bins into n chunks, where n is the number
of cores specified in the config file <base>.cfg, and spawns n processes of 
qC_fit.py to perform the likelihood analyses for each chunk. Takes one command 
line argument, the base name.

qC_utils.py - Contains any useful functions that can be called by the other 
scripts.

II. Requirements:

Everything should work if you've installed the Fermi Science tools. Refer to 
their website here: http://fermi.gsfc.nasa.gov/ssc/data/analysis/software/ for
more information.

III. Usage:

First perform the "DC" analysis

1. Copy the following files to your working directory:
config_template.cfg
fit_notebook_template.ipynb
gll_iem_v05.fit
gll_iem_v05_rev1.fit
gll_psc_v14.fit
iso_source_v05.txt
make3FGLxml.py
makeXML.sh
photons list file
spacecraft file

2. Copy config_template.cfg to <base>.cfg and fill in entries appropriate for 
the object you're analyzing.

3. Run: quickAnalysis --filter -n <base>

4. Run: ./makeXML.sh <base>

5. Change source of interest spectrum to power law and put in correct path names 
for diffuse models in xml model file.

6. Run: quickAnalysis -a -n <base>

7. Perform "DC" fit using binned likelihood analysis to region using, e.g., 
quickLike tool.

Now perform the "LC" analysis

1. In a new directory (or the same directory but change file names accordingly), 
copy fitted xml model file from DC analysis, config file, photons list, 
spacecraft file, and diffuse models.

2. Fix all sources in xml model file to their best fit values from DC analysis 
except for source of interest, which should remain free. Also change to unbinned 
analysis in config file.

3. Run: quickCurve run <base>

4. Run: python qC_diffrsp <base>

5. Run: python run_qC_fit <base>

6. Done! Output will be written to a file called lc_results.txt, which will 
contain information about the flux, spectral index, error bars, and significance 
of the source of interest during each time bin.
